First we took chunked dataset which with 120 words each which divides chunks strictly with no overlapping, we got 1450 samples. Then we trained out base models + embedder combination again with this dataset and CV accuracy was 98.5, it was very high because CV uses Stratified K fold which, while dividing dataset for folding sometimes puts the same chunked dataset from same blog into train and test, so when model sees It in test after seeing almost the same thing in training, its almost like model memorizes the blog, so it easily predicts it, that's why the accuracy is so high, this is called data leakage. Now to prevent data leakage we need some form of ID to group same chunks together, so we did data chunking once again, but this time we used the URL from our initial dataset as ID and we kept an overlapping of 20 words so that its easier for the model to learn and the model actually learns the patterns. from this we got 1760 samples. Now we again used the 8 models + 5 embedder + stopword combination on this newly chunked dataset, and this time we used GroupKFold which is also a type of CV, it groups data which has the same ID into separate groups and makes sure data from the same group isn't being used in training and testing. Similar to Stratified k fold, this also takes 80% 20% split BUT IN GROUPS, like if there are 10 groups, it trains in 8 and tests in 2 and repeats it 5 times. so this finally prevents dataleakage and then after running this code we got the top model+embedder to be BOW and NaiveBayes with an accuracy of 86%, now this is the real accuracy because this is without dataleakage, the reason this is significant is because the previous models memorized the data, so if the professor gives a different blog of the same person, then the chances of it failing is very high because it has memorized the data, it hasn't learned patterns. So now after this we use Stacking, what stacking does is, lets say we have 1000 sample dataset and a 60 20 20 split, it firsts trains models normally on the 600, then for the next 200, it runs the trained model for those 200 samples, then all the models will give a prediction for, like model 1 will give a prediction of author a, model 2 will give a prediction of author b, and a new 200 row dataset with N+1 columns will be formed where first N columns is the prediction of N models where the model predicts which author it is from and the (N+1)th row is the actual author. so another model called LBGM is trained on this 200 sample dataset to learn about the models and it is tested on the rest 200 data. so the final work flow Is when you give a blog -> all 8 trained models predict it->Trained LBGM looks at all 8 trained model's prediction->LBGM tells which model is correct, this would be the final pipeline if we used LBGM, but right now we wanna use stacking to know if stacking improves performance from base models. But we run into a problem again which is 200 rows of data is not enough for LBGM to train on, so we Use OOF. We split the dataset into training (800) and test (200). On the training set, we apply GroupKFold with 5 folds. For each fold, base models are trained on 640 samples and predict on 160 unseen samples. This ensures every sample in the training set is predicted once by a model that has not seen it. These predictions form the meta_train dataset, whose size is (800, number_of_models × number_of_authors). The true labels are stored separately. Then, base models are trained on the full 800 samples and used to generate meta_test for the 200 test samples. Finally, an LGBM model is trained on meta_train and used to predict meta_test.